README.md, before:

# Overview (export.go)
Provides a program that queries Elasticsearch for documents based on the given query, and outputs the results to a new line separated json gzip file

Run `export -h` for all command line argument options.

## Flags
### `-host`
The fully qualified Elasticsearch server url. E.g. `https://myAWSElasticsearchDomain`, or `http://localhost:9200`

### `-index`
The name of the index, or alias, that the query should run against

### `-output`
The relative or absolute path to the target output file. E.g. `./output.json.gz`, or `/tmp/export/documents.json.gz`

### `-query`
The Elasticsearch JSON query to use to limit documents, minus the outer `query` object. Note, quotes must be escaped.
E.g. `{\"terms\":{\"type\":[\"a\",\"b\",\"c\"]}}`

## Example Usage
`./export -index="myindex" -query="{\"terms\":{\"type\":[\"a\",\"b\",\"c\"]}}" -host="https://my-aws-es-cluster.region.es.amazonaws.com" -output="./documents.json.gz"` 

# Overview (import.go)
Provides a program that uses a new line separated json gzip file produced by `export` as a data source to import into an Elasticsearch index.

Run `import -h` for all command line argument options.

## Flags
### `-host`
The fully qualified Elasticsearch server url. E.g. `https://myAWSElasticsearchDomain`, or `http://localhost:9200`

### `-file`
The relative or absolute path to the source file. E.g. `./output.json.gz`, or `/tmp/export/documents.json.gz`

### `-index`
The name of the index, or alias, that the data source should import to

### `-type`
The Elasticsearch document type to use when importing

## Example Usage
`./import -index="documents" -type="doc" -file="./documents.json.gz" -host="https://my-aws-es-cluster.region.es.amazonaws.com"`

Commit message:

Updated import script docs to give details on required changes before use

README.md, after:

# Overview (export.go)
Provides a program that queries Elasticsearch for documents based on the given query, and outputs the results to a new line separated json gzip file

## Flags
Run `export -h` for all command line argument options.

### `-host`
The fully qualified Elasticsearch server url. E.g. `https://myAWSElasticsearchDomain`, or `http://localhost:9200`

### `-index`
The name of the index, or alias, that the query should run against

### `-output`
The relative or absolute path to the target output file. E.g. `./output.json.gz`, or `/tmp/export/documents.json.gz`

### `-query`
The Elasticsearch JSON query to use to limit documents, minus the outer `query` object. Note, quotes must be escaped.
E.g. `{\"terms\":{\"type\":[\"a\",\"b\",\"c\"]}}`

## Example Usage
`./export -index="myindex" -query="{\"terms\":{\"type\":[\"a\",\"b\",\"c\"]}}" -host="https://my-aws-es-cluster.region.es.amazonaws.com" -output="./documents.json.gz"` 

# Overview (import.go)
Provides a program that uses a new line separated json gzip file produced by `export` as a data source to import into an Elasticsearch index.

## REQUIRED
An ID for each document must be generated in order for documents to insert into the destination index. The function named `produceDocumentID` provides a means to 
generate or compute an ID for each document. It receives the updated document after any modifications have been made (See Modifying documents before writing, below)  
and the source document from the data source. Use this information to to return a string representation of the desired ID for the new document.  

This must be complete prior to any import being attempted.  

## Modifying documents before writing
If documents need to be modified prior to writing them to the destination index, update the function named `customImportLogic`. It receives the document as a map,
and gives full access to all of the fields. Modify required fields in place to update the accordingly.  

E.g. `document["myField"] = "my new value"`

## Flags
Run `import -h` for all command line argument options.

### `-host`
The fully qualified Elasticsearch server url. E.g. `https://myAWSElasticsearchDomain`, or `http://localhost:9200`

### `-file`
The relative or absolute path to the source file. E.g. `./output.json.gz`, or `/tmp/export/documents.json.gz`

### `-index`
The name of the index, or alias, that the data source should import to

### `-type`
The Elasticsearch document type to use when importing

## Example Usage
`./import -index="documents" -type="doc" -file="./documents.json.gz" -host="https://my-aws-es-cluster.region.es.amazonaws.com"`
